Document the Blazor WebEventDescriptor.EventArgsType breaking change (#23000)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/compatibility/aspnet-core/6.0/blazor-eventargstype-property-replaced.md

---
title: "Breaking change: Blazor: WebEventDescriptor.EventArgsType property replaced"

> description: "Learn about the breaking change in ASP.NET Core 6.0 titled Blazor: WebEventDescriptor.EventArgsType property replaced"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Learn about the breaking change in ASP.NET Core 6.0 where the WebEventDescriptor.EventArgsType property is replaced by the EventName property."
```

author: scottaddie
ms.author: scaddie
ms.date: 02/24/2021

> ---

Reviewer 2: Blazor needs no-loc

## New behavior

Starting in ASP.NET Core 6.0, the new property `EventName` only specifies the original event's name. For example, `click`, `mousedown`, `cut`, `copy`, or `paste`. There's no longer a need to supply a Blazor-specific category name. For that reason, the old property `EventArgsType` is removed.

## Reason for change

In pull request [dotnet/aspnetcore#29993](https://github.com/dotnet/aspnetcore/pull/29993), support for custom event arguments classes was introduced. As part of this support, the framework no longer relies on all events fitting into a predefined set of categories. The framework now only needs to know the original event name.

## Recommended action

App code should be unaffected and doesn't need to change.

If building a custom Blazor rendering platform, you may need to update the mechanism for dispatching events into the `Renderer`. Replace any hardcoded rules about event categories with simpler logic that supplies the original, raw event name.

## Affected APIs

<xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Components.RenderTree.WebEventDescriptor.EventArgsType%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType>

<!--

## Category

ASP.NET Core

## Affected APIs

> `Overload:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Components.RenderTree.WebEventDescriptor.EventArgsType`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`P:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Components.RenderTree.WebEventDescriptor.EventArgsType`
```
